Allow for avatar and toggle customization (#335)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/UI/UI.md

```

### Custom toggle shape

> The `isRound` prop can be set to false to make the toggle a different shape. Classes can also be passed to the toggle to further customize it beyond this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom shape can be set for the toggle. To override the default circle shape, set `isRound` to `false`. This will set the toggle to a square shape, but you can pass in additional classes to further customize the shape.
```
making a little assumption that the default effect of 'false' is a square
